Mr. Zhou heard that you have an investment plan to go north
So I want to do an interview for you.
I never do interviews.
What makes you think
I can break it for you
The attention of "Financial News" has always been very good
If you can be interviewed
Stop
Alex said that Wang Rongchang of Xinglong Club would make moves against me to fight for the land in Wan Chai
A financial anchor
Is it a beauty plan he specially customized for me?
What you want always has to pay the corresponding price
Xu Shiyang
You have to give up.
You think too highly of yourself.
What you just said
Isn't that what it means?
Could it be that
You also use this method to approach other goals
Mr. Zhou, this is the first time I have done this.
My brother has a gambling debt
My name is written on the IOU
Those loan sharks go to the TV station to make trouble
Only I can interview you.
I can keep my job
You don't seem to be lying.
I came to Hong Kong City from the mainland to work hard
It's never a lie to stand on your heels
But my rules still can't be broken